Nadia Masih and Haidi Lun Jin Tan here
in Hong Kong. You're [music] watching
The China Show. I'm Yvonne Man with
David Ingles.
>> Good morning. We're counting down to the
open of markets in greater China. Let's
get to the top stories today. Korean
[music] stocks and Nasdaq futures, as
you can see, jumping as the tech
momentum continues. [music] Oil is
rising on the lack of concrete evidence
or progress, at least, in terms of
US-Iran [music] peace talks.
>> China's factory activity showing signs
of weakness with higher input costs due
to Middle East conflict really weighing
[music] on the official gauge.
>> Also ahead, US Defense Secretary Pete
Hegseth avoids mentioning Taiwan at the
Shangri-La Dialogue while [music]
hailing improved ties with Beijing.
>> Plus an exclusive interview with a Keso
CFO Bing Wang as the firm's lung cancer
[music] drug takes the spotlight at a
major US oncology conference.
>> [music]
>> All right. Hope you had a rested [music]
weekend and certainly we're kicking
things off on a strong note here when it
comes to, of course, the equity bulls
and more, I guess, tech headlines to
really digest, right? Whether it's the
Minimax news, whether it's Lenovo
upgrades, whether it's like, you know,
everything that comes with it. So,
certainly there's plenty of, you know,
even the export data that's come through
in Korea continues to show that maybe
there is still more leg legs in this
whole equity rally.
>> Yeah, I think it was fifth north of 50%
was was, I think, the growth
in exports just for May.
And so, fine. If if you're a bear, and
you say, "Okay, that's backward-looking
data." You look at the Taiwan
projection, which is like at the similar
thing, and it's the fastest growth
between the two. Let's call it the split
the difference in what, 45 years?
On exports. And this this is fresh set
of numbers. In fact, the Korean number
just came out about an hour back, and
the Taiwan number came out on the
weekend. So, this does
is is really playing out as far as the
macro picture is concerned. And of
course, we talked about these markets,
LG,
Lenovo actually was interesting too
because it's part of that on the Goldman
line which also just came out. They I
think upgraded their forecast there on
Lenovo, too.
>> Yeah, by 15% because of that price
target here. So, when it comes to this
whole AI PC trend, when it comes to this
personal AI agent to drive growth, they
say, you know, Lenovo is probably going
to be
in the driver's seat and in the front
row for that. So, certainly that's one
another area of this, you know, AI trade
to continue with here today.
The Minima IPO I think will be quite
interesting as well. Like alongside all
these other, you know, we have Open AI,
we have SpaceX. I mean, these are the
next really big things to watch in these
equity markets now.
>> Yeah, that you know, it follows the
memory chip play in China number four in
the world, right? That said it was going
to applied for a listing last
last week and I think the Minima story
going back on charts going to be
interesting to see and we'll obviously
watch that those shares closely today as
it pertains to that.
We talked about Lenovo. The other big
part of the conversation will be health
care following of course the big
conference in on college and conference
in the US
and Acceso and all the data they put
through as far as non
small cell lung cancer is concerned. In
fact, the company will be joining us
today to talk us through those results.
Apart from that,
I think US Iran, the lack of details
there. Yes, we're seeing oil prices
somewhat to the upside but at least
we're not looking at two drafts. At
least the direction of travel seems to
be very clear that. Apart from all of
that, I think when you look across the
region today, there's a whole suite of
markets of course that are shut today.
Just keep that in mind of course. A lot
in Southeast Asia are not trading today.
Apart from that,
not that you would need Southeast Asia
on a day like today given the tech
representation there. But yes, Korea and
Taiwan are all
all guns blazing very early of course
this Monday. And of course, we're
looking ahead to Chinese markets as we
get underway in about just what, 25
minutes from now.
>> Yeah, for more of course on the AI trade
and sort of the sustained calm across
macro markets. Let's bring in our
Bloomberg Anthony Stephens as well as
our Asia equity reporter Charlotte Yang.
Anthony, I'll start with you. It's
interesting now, right? You can still
see oil markets gain, but then you can
see the Cospi continue to gain, too. So,
you know, it seems like it's two
different stories now.
>> Yeah, you see macro volatility staying
low for sustained period now. We're
seeing it at whatever measure you use,
right? Treasury volatility, G7 FX
volatility, EM FX volatility, oil
volatility itself, like oil volatility
itself is about 20 points lower than the
volatility of the Cospi, right? So,
people are chasing upside on tech much
more aggressively than they're playing
for downside on macro. And that is
giving people a lot of comfort to rotate
through tech themes, right?
Nasdaq implied correlation is multi-year
lows. What that means is everything on
the Nasdaq is doing its own thing. So,
you're getting paid to be brave. You're
getting paid to dream about the future
of tech, right? And that is a very
powerful self-reinforcing dynamic. And
and a really good example of that is the
LG Group in in Korea, which is up
another 25% after being up 25% on
Friday. This is in anticipation of
management meeting Jensen Huang. So,
this is the kind of dynamic we are
sitting in now.
>> Charlotte, I'll bring you in.
Obviously Computex is going to be a very
big one today. We talked about some of
these other names in Taiwan, but the
TSMC, what's the how does the TSMC story
fit into this AI rally at currently?
>> Yeah, so TSMC is definitely the key
thing to watch, but one thing that's
interesting which is put out a story is
looking at the spread. So, TSMC's ADR
versus a Taipei listing, which has been
a key thing investors watch, you know,
since the global AI boom as a way to
gauge how foreign investors demand
versus the local investors appetite has
been. And one thing that's really
interesting is that we are seeing the
spread declining for the fifth month,
and that's now in May the average is
13.8% as down from 26% in December. And
what this really shows is that local
investors has now becoming this more
dominant uh force in pricing uh in
pricing TSMC's valuation. So, I think
and also, you know, if you think about
it, the CFO investors having profit
taking Taiwan with local investors
becoming, you know, taking up this
active force in buying the shares. So,
um the spread is really uh so the spread
the narrowing of the spread is showing a
launch I think a break from the previous
uh keep excellent ex-
uh keep elevated trend we've seen
earlier.
>> Okay. And then there's a Minimax news as
well. I mean, it's just plenty of good
news to come through here. What do we
know so far about this IPO?
>> Yeah, so uh so far there's not much that
details we know because it's still at
the preliminary stage. What we know is
that Minimax has started the
preparations for its domestic listing in
the Shanghai stock market following the
steps of its um Chinese AI model peer uh
Zhipu. And um I think this is a sensible
move for Minimax given that it's now in
this race with the likes of DeepMind in
racing, you know, to uh commercialize AI
large language models. And this and then
the company still despite its very
strong growth momentum, the company is
still burning cash. So, it's good for
them to tap into the deep funding pool
of China's onshore market so they have
more, you know,
the dry powder for them to invest in
models and also expansion. And I think
this is also a good move uh for the
Chinese onshore market. We've seen
onshore investors obviously have
insatiable demand for these cutting edge
uh companies, but there isn't that many.
Um I mean, the
more of the AI pure ones listed onshore
which we've been seeing those
concentrations in the hard tech space
especially optical transceivers sort of
becoming a concern.
>> Yep. Anthony, we we talked about LG
Electronics,
what, 25% on Friday and a further 25%.
So, 50% over two days. The same could be
said about Lenovo. How do we look at
those names? They they seem seemingly
overheating names, but the market's not
giving up on them.
>> For example, you see Lenovo the price
target that you have alluded to, right?
It's the street is catching up to the
numbers that are being put out.
>> Okay.
>> And the street is catching up to these
numbers because management themselves
are being so bullish. Right? So, that's
a cycle here now where management
guidance, the street has to catch
management guidance. We saw the same
thing in Dell, right? On Friday, you had
seven banks increase their price targets
at the same time in Dell to above the
$500 level. So, there's this recurrent
kind of cycle of the street is far
behind the current earning cycle. Now,
the debate is is the earning cycle
repeatable? Is it resilient? That is a
debate that has to be resolved in the
coming weeks. And again, Computex is
going to be a key source of guidance on
that front. But what the investor base
is doing now is they're comfortable
taking more risk as every leg of the AI
trade starts to sing the same song.
>> Mhm. All right. Anthony Stevens, our
markets reporter there also. Thanks to
Charlotte Yang, our Asia equity reporter
on what's really watch here today. So,
plenty of tech news to digest. Also,
that comes from the data side of things.
We talked about some of the trade data
coming out from South Korea, from
Taiwan. The the PMI numbers we got on
China was on the softer side as well,
which we do have to kind of decipher.
You know, a lot of it was because of
that 5-day break, but certainly, you
know, you maybe you're starting to see
signs of this Middle East war kind of
impacting on some of the data and some
of the
the indicators, too.
>> Uh so, I'll be interested to hear what
Goldman Sachs says about this because
one thing that the PMIs from the
previous month did not reflect, but then
showed up in the data largely, were the
export numbers for March, right? Back to
the AI play.
>> Yes.
>> where that that metric might look like
given the relative softness
>> Yeah.
>> uh in these numbers. And there is some
indication as well looking at some of
the early reaction across the street
here on the PMI numbers. And we'll get a
rating dog, of course, in about what, 30
minutes from now.
Uh what the fiscal push is seemingly
starting to look like. There are signs
it's becoming countercyclical in nature,
seasonally
not supposed to pick up. We're seeing a
pick up in activity there. So, we'll see
what happens with this, of course. And
uh all all that is to say there's a
macro there's a macro story to play out
today. It's probably the micro that's
going to win out as far as risk appetite
as concerned going into the session. Uh
today. Right. So, we talked about tech
macro still ahead here in shows health
care and biotech a closely [music]
watched drug uh of China's Akeso is
raising new hope
in lung cancer treatments. [music]
Uh Bernstein's Rebecca Lian joins us for
her take on what's taking place there.
That's coming up next.
And you're watching Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> All right. So, welcome back. Lots to get
into today. Uh just a brief look across
these markets. We're actually pointing
higher on E-mini 50 futures, which is
somewhat
not very common for this time of the
day. So, that's a quite a sizable move
to
uh to discuss today. Uh apart from this,
so we talked about I think Meituan
earnings are coming. Uh we'll we'll
we'll we'll watch out for that, of
course. Apart from that, a couple of
stocks Lenovo
massive turnover on Friday 21 22% of
course on on Friday. Akeso obviously
given of course all the all the news on
the weekend uh going coming into today,
of course. In fact, just on that very
note. Uh the company's lung cancer drug
uh raising hopes here for it is new
class of treatments that statistically
relevant in in as far as the extension
of survival from 24 to 28 months. It
This is according to data presented, of
course, on the weekend here.
Um and the results are fueling
expectations now for this new generation
of therapies that both activate the
immune system uh by cutting off, of
course, blood supply to the tumors
themselves.
>> Yeah, it certainly is a milestone. For
more of course China's biotech advances,
let's bring in Bernstein senior analyst
Rebecca Liang. She joins us here on our
Hong Kong set. So you you saw what
happened in Chicago.
You know, obviously this is quite
remarkable from a Chinese biotech firm,
but tell us the significance of this.
>> Yeah, for sure. So this is the first
time that any China originated
innovative drug makes the stage of the
plenary session of ASCO, which is very
prestigious. Usually reserved for
practice changing results. And indeed I
think last night's result the hazard
ratio of the overall survival at .66
translating to 34% reduction of risk of
death compared to standard of care
is very much of a surprise to the entire
I think medical and investor community.
Prior to this I think most people were
expecting
30% or .70 to be a great win already. So
it was a it was a surprise, but as we
heard kind of later in the discussion
session, there were still some questions
to be answered
regarding the baselines
characteristics of the patients and just
how translatable the results are to the
global context.
>> And this goes into perhaps what the the
US FDA specifically might need of
course, which is a different set of
tests and a different
data pool of patients.
Initially my thought was okay, they're
both human beings, why should it be
different? But there's a difference in
the data set as well. Just take us
through the differences there.
>> Right. So first of all the results we
just had entirely Chinese population
Harmony 6 trial.
There is an ongoing trial Harmony called
Harmony 3 that is global. So these are
two separate trials.
And the KOL Dr. Julie Brammer at the
discussion session last night pointed
out to some differences between the
patient groups of these two trials.
Mostly in China, the trials included
patients that are younger, excluding
those that are above age 75, and mostly
included men. However, the global trial
is likely to be representing a more
dispersed population with older patients
and including females.
There's also some differences how the
physicians would include patients based
on their risk factor, such as how their
blood vessels are forming around the
tumor. So I think those two are very
interesting points and more importantly
they could actually alter the commercial
upside of the drug. Just imagine you're
your physician in the clinic and then
you have to decide whether to put the
patient on the trial. You then have to
decide whether the patient is high risk
or not. Because historically we see that
the anti-VEGF agents typically do raise
the bleeding issue in patients. So you
have to be very careful.
So I think with the current set of
results it's very encouraging that we're
seeing brand new biology formed around
the the PD-1 VEGF mechanism,
which does separate the
AstraZeneca's drug from the previous
stand-alone VEGF agents. So that's for
sure, but
as you said, translating to the global
population, the global, you know, the
what the FDA will be looking at, as well
as the commercial upside will have more
questions to answer.
>> Have you been able to quantify the
commercial upside in terms of peak sales
potential?
>> For sure. This is a very you know, it's
it's a milestone result because lung
cancer has been known as the biggest
oncology market. Globally it's 30 to 40
billion.
Squamous lung cancer is a smaller
subset, 30% of all patients, but still
we're talking about frontline treatment.
So it is the biggest submarket within
lung cancer. So I think for the market
size alone we're talking about 10 to 15
billion easily.
Um yeah, so currently Keytruda plus
chemo still the standard of care. So, um
nothing as a single agent has come close
to challenging Keytruda status. But I
think at this round of ASCO, we see lots
of exciting news that um you know, such
uh bi-specific agents as well as a new
class of drugs ADCs
uh separately, they show potential that
uh they could be used in the next
generation
um IO 2.0 therapy plus ADC setting.
>> We'll be speaking with the CFO of a Keso
in about an hour, I think. What do you
think we should ask him?
>> Indeed, I think um those um
you know, how I think the question on
everyone's mind is the read-through of
this trial to the more important global
Harmony 3 trial.
Uh and because they wanted to de-risk
the trial, they separated the trial to
two parts, squamous patients and
non-squamous.
>> Okay.
>> And we'll actually have
>> practice, by the way, to split
>> Uh
it is, indeed. I mean,
plenty of
you know, even for Keytruda, you know,
the gold standard
historical trials, they they they also
have separate trials on this, for sure.
So, um clearly Harmony 6, you know, the
one that just read out at ASCO, does
have follow-through to at least the
squamous part of the global Harmony 3
trial. Um but it would be interesting to
hear their perspective on the questions
we just went through, which is, you
know, the subtle differences between the
global patients and you know, what you
know, the commercial in practice, you
know, how they see that they could um
let the physicians have, you know, let
let them uh be open-minded to use this,
you know, historically quite dangerous
treatment to squamous patients cuz that
would really
affect the commercial success.
>> That shifts the dial in favor of, okay.
>> Last week there was this big deal
between Pfizer and Innovent.
Um
>> 10 billion, yeah.
>> 10 10 and yeah, and certainly that was
quite a milestone itself.
What is this sort of a ketso and summit,
you know, now that we have this sort of
breakthrough in some ways with I von I
need to say this word right. I von a sis
to mab. I von I von a sis to mab.
Need to get used to saying that, right?
>> I think the drug itself, I'm sorry.
>> I mean how do you think it changes the
entire landscape here right now? You
know, does does does it make China
biotech more attractive in terms of
M&A or even just acquisition targets?
Like how do you think this just changes
the industry now and how they view China
biotech?
>> Yeah, um so I think, you know, the the
build up of the deals as well as the new
flood of results, they are very much in
favor of the continued boom of China
biotech.
Uh I think it's encouraging here to see
it's not just one drug, one company, uh
but rather a structural output, you
know, from China the whole industry
wise. So we do see a lot of new
collaborations like the one between uh
Innovent and Pfizer and uh shortly
before this was
a Han radio announced with BMS also at
the same scale. Um so this is something
structural and also, you know, the the
ASCO results, we saw that lots of
companies reported new data involving
the uh new classes of drugs. So a ketso
is a bi-specific,
uh which, you know, a ketso is a leader
in the space, but um comp plenty of
companies are chasing. Innovent's a good
example. Innovent has their own
bi-specific that's a different
mechanism. Um so I think the result does
add more, you know, it makes it
incrementally positive more
incrementally positive that these new
classes may really alter practices in
the future.
Uh and what excites me the most is again
the combination possibility between
bi-specifics and ADCs which you know, in
parallel we see the rise of ADCs.
Uh so, it's great news definitely for
the global research community, great
news for patients and uh good news for
Chinese companies.
>> I mean, we're up 10% yeah on Acusil
early going. I think we were up 6% on
Friday. Do you think out-licensing deals
this year will surpass last year's
total?
>> Oh, for sure. Yes.
>> Okay.
>> Um so, yeah, already the first uh 4
months in you know, in uh we saw that
it's at uh close to 40% of last year's
total. So, uh momentum's still ongoing.
The latest two mega deals announced, I
believe that we should hit
we we will have hit uh 50% mark already.
>> Okay.
>> Um and yeah, I I don't think it stops
there. So, um earlier there was was
worried that policies may play a role,
that there may be tightening policies.
Um so far, we don't see any direct
slowdown um in terms of deals. I think
the protective policy may have more to
do with the core IP, the core uh
technology enabling IP. But, if we're
talking about asset-based deals,
individual products out-licensing, so
far we don't see any slowdown in that.
>> Thank you so much for spending early
Monday morning with us here. That was
Rebecca Lian there, Bernstein China
Pharma and Biotech senior analyst.
Right, uh we are in fact just to point
out we're just getting more of course
from the company. So, the CFO will be
joining [music] us exclusively in the
next hour of the China show on the times
on your screens. Catch it very, very
shortly. We'll leave you with a look at
the early goings of Acusil. We're up
[music] 10% in the pre-markets. Lots
more ahead. This is the China show.
>> [music]
>> All right, your agenda here today. We do
have the UK delegation. So um
the foreign minister is in China from
the UK there today. We're also tracking
some Meituan earnings. Maybe that could
continue this whole kind of hardware
versus software sort of side of things
that trade. Um given this how we've seen
some of the earnings from Baba and the
like when it came to the e-commerce side
of things, continue to see uh some
softness there. We're watching very key
levels on the CNY on the CFETS basket,
right? Around the 100 level here. Does
it lead to that sort of threshold to
spark some of PBOC action? That's one
thing to watch according to our
Bloomberg Intelligence. We have those
news on Minimax and of course that
onshore listing. Uh Kuaishou as we've
we've been talking about, Lenovo getting
another price target upgrade from
Goldman. Uh and of course we're still
tracking the data, right? So we have the
rating dog PMI coming out in just a few
moments and Macau casino revenue coming
through for for the month of May, too.
>> Okay, let's uh let's go through the
stocks very quickly in the early goings.
We have a couple of seconds here.
Kuaishou, last we checked, up 10%. So we
just talked about that the CFO will be
joining us in about 45 minutes or so.
Stay tuned for that exclusive interview
coming up. Minimax, let's bring that up.
Uh indications are a listing perhaps in
Shanghai. We're up 5% in the early
goings and Lenovo was up 25% up 100% in
May.
>> [laughter]
>> And we are doing this in the early
goings for once. We are rested on the
fence [laughter]
on the back of that Goldman upgrade. We
have lots more coming up. You're
watching the China show including the
opening bell.
This is Bloomberg. Good morning.
>> [music]
>> Good morning. Welcome back. We're
[music] approaching the Monday open 40
seconds away and as you can see A50
futures are pointing to the upside.
Perhaps more
early early going more more upside
onshore. We're waiting for the rating
dog PMIs to come out on the back [music]
of the official
data which came out over the weekend
right smack at 50
in terms of the PMI numbers. I think
yeah. Okay.
>> Yes. Apart from that, what what anything
else to talk
>> I was just we were just joking in the
break [music] how you know, either I
need to get a medical degree or PhD in
in medicine or
get [music] an engineering degree and
learn about AI a bit more and go deep
into the supply chain. It's blowing my
brain this morning.
>> Yeah, coffee's not doing the job.
>> No, it's not especially after a weekend.
I guess so as we talked about, right?
We'll talk about that breakthrough we
had with the CFO being [music] Mike
joining us to talk about what happened
of course at that ASCO conference in
Chicago and suddenly we're already
seeing the ASCO stock is surging here
this morning. Your onshore markets are
doing this right now. Shanghai is flat
which is CSI 300 seeing marginal gains
here. Shenzhen is doing a little bit
better. We talked about the oil price,
right? So despite the fact that you have
all these great tech headlines, you
know, Asia tech is still doing is going
strong. Even while we are seeing oil
markets a little bit elevated given some
of the mixed signals that we're seeing
about whether we have this deal between
the US and Iran or not. So that dynamic
continues for another day. In terms of
what really is outperforming, it still
continues to be those winners, right?
the CATLs of the world were up another
1%. CATL
were flat right now but we'll continue
to watch what happens with the chip
space in China. It was flying last week
and one of the key sort of big bright
spots there. And then of course we're
watching very closely what happens when
it comes to
the e-commerce side of things. Meituan
comes out with earnings a little bit
later on here today. But what we have
seen from some of the rivals, JD when it
comes to Alibaba as well, you know, it
still continues to be quite competitive.
So we'll see what Meituan has to say.
Flip the boards and see how Hong Kong is
doing. Of course, we've been tracking
Minimax as well. So now, of course, the
news that they they might be seeking
some sort of onshore listing here. That
could actually add a bit more, of
course, fodder and really something for
those in the AI trade here. There you
go. Minimax were up about 6 and 1/2, 7%
in Hong Kong there. So that is another
good news, of course, for those AI pure
plays once again.
Take a look at how when it comes to
Lenovo.
Best month since 1999 already for
Lenovo. You got You add Goldman Sachs
now with their latest raising that price
target by 15%. Really talking about
whether it's AI PCs. They seem to be the
leader and AI agent growth potential as
well. Goldman says that's why they're
upgrading the stock once again. What did
you say that the stock doubled basically
in a month?
>> 100% in May.
>> Yeah. Another 5% today, Dave. And then,
of course, there's Akeso. So, you know,
this what happened was presented
certainly as we were talking to
Bernstein about. So they've been able to
at least
say that those that took this drug I von
an acid map, I think I'm saying it
right.
>> Yes.
>> Was able to live 4 months longer than
some of the traditional lung cancer
drugs out there. So that certainly is a
breakthrough. Whether this can translate
and transfer to maybe more of a global
sort of picture is certainly one
question we'll be asking the CFO in the
next hour.
>> From 24 to 28 months.
>> Yes.
>> There we go.
Just to I think we also just some
context on the Lenovo story. If we have
that ready, let's show that. If not,
let's go to PMIs.
But but just to say we're looking at
Yeah, so that on the Hang Seng China
Index, Lenovo's building its gains
there. I think we're up 150 plus percent
at this point in time for uh
year-to-date. Okay, let's have a look at
the PMIs which came out over the
weekend. So, you have the official
numbers, the actuals versus the survey
on your screens. I'm not going to recap
that, but maybe just more context here
coming through shortly.
>> Yeah, so when you take a look at that
50, we're still above an expansion, but
then again, there does seem some
softness here when you look under the
hood. Let's bring in, of course, Goldman
Sachs, you know, their latest data.
They're saying that, you know, it is a
bit of a mixed picture. Let's bring in
Chief China Economist Wei Shang joining
us now. I'm your take on these numbers.
>> Thanks for having me.
Over the weekend, we got these
PMI numbers. I think it shows you a
couple of things. One is that the
Middle East conflict, oil prices, they
are having a negative impact on
manufacturing. NBS statement explicitly
said in some of these energy processing
and chemical fibers, their industry
level PMIs are lower. So, we're seeing
some of that. At the same time, I think
the bigger picture, China's
manufacturing still expanding. That
hasn't changed that much. Because if you
have that energy part of the story
softening, but you're still getting the
headline 50, that means the high-tech
equipment making, that part of the
economy still doing pretty well.
>> AI exports, talk to us about that.
>> Yeah, we just put out a report. What's
really interesting,
you know, in the this year's trade data
for China is the very large increase in
Chinese imports.
>> Yes.
>> It's about 25% year-on-year increase in
Chinese imports. So, what is really
going on? We saw two drivers. One is
gold. For some reason, Chinese gold
imports increased significantly. That's
harder to predict because it's lumpy and
it
is gold.
>> PBOC you think, you suspect?
>> No, PBOC purchases that's from central
bank. That's That's that's from the
excluded from the
>> But the second is the semiconductors. So
if you think about China's the
semiconductors, the China still very
much reliant on foreign supply, right?
Only 25% of the semiconductors used in
China are self-made,
whereas the rest is imported. So if you
have a very large increase in
semiconductor prices and quantity
because of the AI boom, you are going to
see more imports and and that translates
into a deficit. But what we saw
we also don't want to over exaggerate
the impact of a semiconductor imports on
China's trade surplus because a lot of
these semiconductor imports are being
placed in EVs and home appliances, all
these products. So the deficit on the
semiconductor front is going to be
partially show up in the surplus in say
EV home appliance exports.
>> So do you think this is something of a
of a temporary surge that the imports
side of things or something that could
actually really impact the the trade
balance now?
>> Yeah, I think in terms of the
semiconductor story in the near term, it
will be a downward pressure on China's
trade surpluses. After all, it's it's
similar to oil, right? If you're
importing more
than you export, then you your terms of
trade will deteriorate when the price of
that product increases.
>> Okay. What's the outlook then because
the
the March export numbers, I keep going
back to that because it really surprised
a lot of people, right? What what is
your expectation now given the data on
imports from April? What how does that
look over the next 6 months in terms of
exports then?
>> Um so trade data right now they are
>> Is it too noisy is my question.
>> Is it too noisy? The first 4 months of
the year you got 3 months that distorted
by the Lunar New Year timing. So I would
look at it holistically.
It's about 14-15% year-on-year up in the
first 4 months of the year for Chinese
exports. It's still quite decent
Uh given what is happening. Now, at this
point, what you want to watch is that
whether because the street hormones is
still closed. So, whether that's going
to translate into lower growth in
Chinese trading partners, especially in
the emerging markets. That could feed
into softening in Chinese exports. But
at the same time, we're also hearing
from industry contacts that
uh Christmas um
stocking up usually happens in August,
September, but this year is being put
put forward just because uh the
uncertainties and purchases want to be
prepared. So, May, June, we could get a
benefit from that changing in timing in
terms of a Christmas-related purchases.
>> Oh.
>> Um
it seems to be all about tech story. I
mean, you take a look at what's going on
in Taiwan, what's going on in Korea as
well.
How do you see the non-tech side of
things in China looking right now?
Especially we
still seems that the consumption side
hasn't really seen any signs of real
>> Especially the retail sales number for
April.
>> Yeah.
>> Barely increasing in April.
>> is also turned negative, right? So,
>> Yeah. The domestic data, if anything, um
you know, if you look at the past few
years, that seems to be the trend.
Exports are really strong, but domestic
was weak. I think the April data shows
you that divergence is even more
dramatic. Um I like to use the data on
the you know, auto domestic sales down
20% year on year, but exports up 70%
year on year. So, that gives you an
example of how different domestic versus
uh uh exports have been. But I wouldn't
be too worried on the retail sales, it's
barely increased, 0.2% year on year. We
knew that to some degree, right? Because
we had that consumer goods trading
program. Last May, we had home appliance
sales up 50%, 5 0. So, you will have a
high base, and retail sales will
struggle uh given that high base. And on
the investment front, yes, it has been
weak, um but we think of it as a um sort
of
act of choice rather than something big
negative shock happened. Because if you
look at a bond issuance by the
government it has been super slow in
April and May after a very strong first
quarter. So our interpretation is that
first quarter growth 5.0 at upper end of
the growth target. So therefore policy
deliberately slowed somewhat in the
second quarter. For that reason if they
can slow it down they can accelerate the
bond issuance later on if needed. We're
not too worried.
>> So how does the third quarter look if
they deliberately took their foot off
the gas in 2Q?
>> I think of this is all reactive, right?
If you ask
what they're going to do, they're going
to watch the straight of forward moves
the global market export demand and then
calibrate what the appropriate responses
should be. So I think this is mean in
some sense it's not that surprising if
they told you growth target 4.5 to 5.
That's the range we're looking at.
>> Did I miss anything? What else do you
think we should be talking about as we
look into the second half of this year?
>> Um, we are seeing the continued RMB
appreciation. We talked about currency
quite a bit on this show previously.
What is really interesting if you look
at the interest rate differential.
Chinese interest rate much lower than US
and other countries. But at the same
time RMB just continue to appreciate. We
are getting a lot of questions from
clients in terms of sustainability, how
much it can appreciate. So we're
forecasting if we're sitting here this
time next year USD CNY goes to 650. Um,
so continued the gradual appreciation is
seems the most likely outcome.
>> Fantastic. Thank you so much. Nice to
see you. Weishan there chief China
economist
at Goldman Sachs. Yeah, something to
watch I think the CFETS basket at 101.3
is something that we're tracking here.
Right, just ahead Uh, massive weekends
in terms of defense conversations at
Shangri-La Dialogue there.
Uh, what didn't, what wasn't [music]
mentioned though was Taiwan. Pete
Hagseth becomes the first US Defense
Secretary in 10 years not to mention
Taiwan in his speech [music]
at the major forum. We'll have lots more
coming through on what took place over
the weekend. This is the China Show.
>> [music]
>> There is rightful alarm
regarding China's [music] historic
military buildup
and the expansion of its military
activities [music] in the region and
beyond. We share a clear-eyed assessment
of that security environment
and a mutual understanding that a
Pacific dominated by any hegemon [music]
would unravel the regional balance of
power and undermine the equilibrium we
all seek to preserve.
>> US Defense Secretary Pete Hagseth
speaking at the Shangri-La Dialogue in
Singapore where he became the first
Pentagon chief in more than a decade to
avoid mentioning Taiwan. Let's bring in
our China correspondent Mimi Lo on, you
know, how what this means. I mean, could
this be seen as a win for President Xi?
>> Yeah, I just wanted to point out that
quote that we picked out there. That was
the same quote that Chinese state media
Global Times had pulled out as evidence
of what they are calling US prejudice
towards China. But still, it's quite
historic in the sense that this is
probably one of the least
confrontational speeches we had seen
from a US defense chief at the
Shangri-La Dialogue. No mention of
Taiwan, no mention of the South China
Sea. So, it seems like Hagseth is
heating that warning call from President
Trump uh from President Xi, right? A few
weeks ago when Trump visited, President
Xi gave this warning that a the of the
Taiwan issue could lead to clashes. So,
it's certainly something that Chinese
state media is picking out that notable
shift in the tone.
Um and what I think we want to track is
whether there would be follow-through in
terms of, you know, whether or not
President Trump would continue to stall
that $14 billion arms deal with Taiwan
that we know has been on the docket.
>> The The Americans are on board.
>> Mhm.
>> American allies don't seem to be don't
seem to be that on board with the
Taiwan. What what did we hear from
American allies?
>> Yeah, I think it's if Hexeth is trying
to use this to convince allies to remain
silent on Taiwan, he has not been very
successful because we had seen some of
these Asian allies being very outspoken,
even provocative, you could say,
especially when it comes to the
Philippines defense secretary who said
that Taiwanese people can seek refuge in
the Philippines in the event of an
attack. And this follows what President
Marcos Jr. earlier said about, you know,
how Philippines would get involved in
the event of an attack on Taiwan as
well, echoing the comments we had heard
from Sanae Takaichi. We have the
Japanese defense minister also talking
about how it's strange for a country
like China with all the nuclear arsenal
that they have to accuse Japan of new
militarism. And there was even a a bit
of a provocative moment in a Q&A segment
where we have this senior colonel from
China questioning the Japanese defense
minister and asking why Japan has yet to
apologize for the crimes in World War
II, especially to some of the Asian
victims in particular.
>> Okay, Minmin, thank you so much. Minmin
Low there, our China correspondent here.
Just some breaking news, the private
gauge
PMIs are out. Let me just bring that up.
A bit of weakness coming through in the
Chinese currency. 51.8,
slightly higher than estimates of 51.3.
So, this is going somewhat against the
the direction on the official numbers.
Well, still above 50. I think the key
takeaway from Goldman Sachs on the
official numbers is despite the weakness
we're seeing elsewhere, the number still
held up above 50, which underscores the
underlying strength that it perhaps
might not be so obvious when you look at
the headline numbers.
>> Yeah, and as Quah Sy said, you look
under the hood. I mean, AI exports and
the like, and even just the surge in
imports that we've seen of late
certainly is something that she says
could actually lead to a a brief sort of
temporary surge, you could say for now,
and really helping for the numbers here
right now. Uh let's get you caught up,
of course, what we're seeing
after the Shangri-La Dialogue, the
Philippines is seeking closer ties with
Taiwan and stronger military links with
China's adversaries. Now, speaking
exclusively to Bloomberg on the
sidelines in Singapore, Defense
Secretary Gilberto Teodoro said the move
seeks to deter what he described as
Beijing's nefarious practices in the
South China Sea.
>> But definitely, it's spurred on by that
because the
the sad lesson in Ukraine, for example,
is that no country
is immune from conflict. And deterrence
really is an active
endeavor of which
deterrence is a function
of a country's own resilience. And if
there still is an imbalance with a
bigger aggressor or potential aggressor,
then you have to leverage alliances in
order to clad
uh yourselves against the the nefarious
practices of an aggressor.
And
with the actors
of the same persuasion around the world,
it's pretty clear
uh who they are, where they operate. In
the Philippines, it happens to be China
because of its expansionism in the West
Philippine Sea.
And it's so
it the lesson of Shangri-La
uh dialogue today is that conflict in
Europe
uh
it affect the Indo-Pacific not only on
the effects of the conflict but also as
to the direct or indirect participants
in these conflicts.
>> We heard from President Marcos recently
about how the Philippines is prepared to
play a part if anything happens in
Taiwan because it is a close neighbor.
What role will the Philippines play in
that?
>> First and foremost, the Philippines will
secure its sovereignty and territorial
integrity.
So, what role it plays depends on what
China does.
The Philippines
uh defense engagements and external
relations are purely defensive by
statutory fiat.
And of course by practicality, too. We
cannot afford uh
involving ourselves into external
forays.
So, it will be purely defensive and
depends entirely on what we anticipate
China to do to us. Secondly, it will
also it will also involve opening up our
supply chains against and making sure
that China does not close this.
So, these supply chains and sea lines of
communication in order to secure
whatever victory it wants. Thirdly, we
have 200,000 Filipinos in Taiwan
who may need to be repatriated.
And we have to anticipate actions.
Anticipation is a key to deterrence and
it is key to saving lives and it is
responsible for us to plan for
contingencies. We cannot just wait
passively to see what China does.
Although operative facts of China's
overt behavior will determine where we
go.
>> So, what are the scenarios that have
been planned
with Taiwan?
>> No, not with Taiwan. We do not
interoperate with Taiwan except perhaps
on a humanitarian assistance and
disaster response.
Other departments are free to engage
with Taiwan, but based on the one China
policy, the Department of Foreign
Affairs and the Department of National
Defense
are not allowed to engage with Taiwan.
>> When it comes to Japan, there seems to
be a new military relationship. I mean,
in his
during his visit to Japan,
uh President Marcos agreed with his
counterpart in Japan to exchange
intelligence, military intelligence. Why
is that important at this time?
>> Well,
it it provides the operational security
planning
for interoperability because information
is one of the most
uh precious assets one can have and the
most potent
asset that
may fall into wrong hands.
Secondly, we need the uh secrecy of
information agreement in order to be a
recipient
or a purchaser of Japan defense
equipment. Of which the technology, of
course, is in Japan's interest and the
Philippine interest to remain
confidential and secret.
>> Yeah, there we go. That was Gibo Teodoro
there, the uh defense secretary of the
Philippines speaking exclusively, of
course, to Bloomberg at the recently
concluded Shangri-La uh conversations in
in Singapore. Right, uh we'll just leave
you with a look at markets and we'll
unpack some of these massive moves we're
seeing across [music] the tech space.
Still a lot in hardware, a lot across
the region. Plenty on that and more
coming through.
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Right, about an hour into the session
[music] in Taiwan MediaTek is a stock
that has been just going through the
roof and even more so today. That's
ahead of Computex. JP Morgan latest one
to come out raising their price target
for the share price today. Speaking of
share price,
re-rethinking
of of re-rating I think is a better term
here. Goldman Sachs on Lenovo.
We're up a further 7% on Lenovo today on
the back of again 100% rally that we had
back in May.
>> Yeah, it's nuts. I'm going to continue
to see the re-rating continue for
another day for the stock. So, there you
go. We talked about there's just so much
going on. The Hong Kong Hong Kong
software rally.
>> That's a different Yeah.
>> That's also been interesting as well
what we've been seeing. So, there you
go. Kingdee International is up some
14%. I mean, you're seeing some pretty
big moves when it comes to Kuaishou
Sensetime and Kingsoft as well. So,
you're starting to see more rotation
within the whole, you know, China tech
space here apart from maybe some of the
the larger tech names. Of course of
course and we're counting down to May 21
earnings coming up later later on as
well. Okay, so that's the one to watch,
right? So, this breakthrough that we saw
this, you know, announcement that they
made when it came to this Chicago
conference, right? We're we're we're
giving up some of the gains already for
Akeso, but certainly we're going to have
the CFO Bing Wang talk a little bit more
about this lung cancer drug really and
the technological breakthroughs they
made with that one.
>> Yep, so stay tuned for that interview.
It takes place in about 15 minutes or
so. In fact, yeah, the CFO is joining us
for the landmark address there at the
major [music] US cancer summit Bing Wang
in a couple of moments as you see on
your screens will be joining the second
hour of the China show. [music] On top
of that, lots more of stocks, Baidu,
Minimax, lots more ahead. This is the
China show.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back to the China show. Look at
the CSI 300 [music] just a half hour
into the session and we are continuing
to see around session highs here right
now, but we're only talking about a
fifth of 1%. Offshore seems to be doing
better. Look at MSCI China. We're up
some 9/10 of 1% here. We talked about
there's a bit of a software rally that's
going on in Hong Kong here today, but
there's no shortage of tech news, right?
We're counting down to Jensen Huang set
to speak in Computex in Taipei. You talk
about what we've been seeing upgrades
when it comes to MediaTek, upgrades when
it comes to Lenovo from the sell side
and then you have the likes of SoftBank
building data centers in France. I mean,
there's just a lot to really cling your
teeth to. Oh, MiniMax as well. They
could be listing offshore.
>> Yes,
on the STAR Market, right? On the back
of CXMT, of course, which was the big
news last week and of course not to
mention to Baidu because of Kunlun Shin.
>> Yes.
>> there that it could soon be listing here
in Hong Kong as early as June as based
on some of these reporting. The story
across these markets as we were just
talking about there, it's it's
everything but the greater Chinese
markets at least on a benchmark basis.
We talked about the you know, the rumor
seeing in Hong Kong software as an
example and I guess that Asia Pacific up
1%.
Japan is better by about one as we go
into the 30-minutes mark going into the
break. Korea is doing a Korea thing
again as you can see we're up 4% within
that of course LG Electronics. We'll get
to We'll talk more about that in a
moment.
Taiwan some of the big movers there.
Let's get that up please if we can ahead
of this ahead of Computex, but I think
the dinner
and some of the photos that emerged from
from [laughter] the dinner,
really enough for markets and investors
to look at the picture and then
determine that to determine their stock
picks for the day, I guess.
>> I was going to say, if you want to find
a picture of this screen right now, take
a look at this one, right?
>> to CEO headshots.
>> Yeah. And they're calling it the
trillion dollar banquet that happened
over the weekend here with Jensen Huang
meeting of course with all their
Taiwanese partners, right? And you take
a look at really who was seated. We have
I hopefully we have the pictures of them
just even just sitting in the front row.
It's it's the stars, right? You talk
about TSMC's CC Wei. You talk about
Barry Lam from Quanta. You talk about
when it comes to MediaTek, Asus,
Wistron, all in the front row there
seated with Jensen. What a night. Be a
fly on the wall.
>> I wonder who paid though.
>> [laughter]
>> Had to be Jensen, right? I mean,
they can all pitch in and they would do
okay.
>> Yeah. So that again, this is like the
supply chain conversation that's taking
place.
It actually looks like a modern day
tech overlay of
of The Godfather.
He is like that wedding that wedding
photo from The Godfather. Remember when
they did that? [laughter] That looks
eerily similar to this. Modern day of
course and in terms of
>> the leather jacket helps. I mean, it's
hot in Taiwan, too, for him to still
pull that off.
>> Well, it's
>> again,
if you look at the data, it really just
goes to show
>> Oh, that yes.
>> that this build out in AI is is
continuing on in a really big way,
whether it's Korea, whether it's Taiwan.
Just check out the numbers we got in the
trade data from Korea this morning,
right? When you're talking about the
fastest pace of export growth we've seen
since 1984.
I think some of us how we're even born
around that time.
Taiwan, there you go, also came out with
numbers, right? Expected projections for
this year in terms of exports is close
to 40%.
>> Generational numbers, right?
>> Structural some have said.
>> I think accompanying the Taiwan
projection was also the growth forecast
of, you know, let's round up to 10%
which is a perhaps the second year that
we'll get double digit growth from an
economy, right? That's not something you
don't normally see. So, it is playing up
across playing out and showing up across
the macro numbers.
Um and it's something that is really
giving investors a lot of reasons to
ignore warnings of short-term
overheating.
>> Yeah. Oil prices that are elevated.
>> Oil prices elevated, weak macro in some
places as well. In fact, maybe a hedge
against the weak macro. Uh let's bring
in our team uh to discuss all of this.
Uh joining us here in set Winnie Shu,
our Asia equities reporter. And of
course, our markets reporter Anthony
Stevens is here with us. Anthony, let me
start with you. You've been watching
this cohort for a while in Taiwan. Just
tell us what this is.
>> Right. There are 30 stocks in Taiwan
that are up over 200%, right? And
remember back in the day we could put a
computer together ourselves maybe,
right? Today there is no hope of that.
The complexity in putting these chips to
work is what is driving these gains. You
have uh stuff that is including the chip
onto the circuit board. So, circuit
board makers, uh substrate makers,
capacity makers. Taiwan does all of
this, right? And all these names up 200%
led by re- most recently the circuit
board makers. So, it is very, very
difficult to create a circuit board that
fits some of these AI chips. It's not
just the AI chip. The AI chip has to
connect to memory. It has to connect to
processors like the CPU, GPU. This is a
sector that Taiwan completely dominates
and it's actually very difficult to do
and the gains are actually coming down
to like the atomic level. It's It's a
level of complexity that Taiwan
dominates that it's also its retail
population understands better than most.
So, an important thing to note about
this is Taiwan is still a net sell for
the year from foreigners, right? So,
it's the retail that have crushed this
market by understanding the tech deeply
and that very educated population is
reaping the benefits of a second year of
growth. You guys mentioned 2 years
running. Actually, a lot of these names
up 800% plus over 2 years.
>> Wow. Winnie, you've also been writing
about, you know, this wave of IPOs that
are coming, right? Whether it's SpaceX
and Throught Open AI. You know, what
what sort of tailwinds do you think that
could provide for Asia?
>> Yeah, actually I have to give credit to
Anthony because it was originally his
idea.
>> Team effort.
>> Exactly. So, we really did dig into how
this is like going to provide the next
tailwind. And for example, the
strategist at IG actually did an
estimate and say that these IPOs
combined likely going to bring an upside
of about 60 billion US dollars in terms
of AI spending on top of 650 billion
dollars that's already being estimated
into these hyperscalers already. So, the
idea is that, okay, the the funds that
they're raising, they can be trickled
down into the AI spending that can
further benefit the AI supply chain in
Asia. Yes, we talked about these big
names Samsung, SK Hynix, and TSMC, but
we're really seeing that broadening out
right now. Anthony just now mentioned a
lot of Taiwanese names, but I'd like to
also highlight the Japanese names that
we're talking about. The MLCCs, you
know, Taiyo Yuden and Murata jumping
some 100% in the past month or so. So,
you're really seeing that trade
broadening out in Asia.
>> In terms of the bottlenecks, I mean, I
know everyone's chasing it. You've been
chasing What are the next potential
bottlenecks then?
>> Right now, I think it moves to getting
these data centers built, right? Like
you have to actually break the ground,
you have to build this stuff, they have
to be powered, they have to be cooled,
and now we're heading into a very hot
like Asian summer. So, a lot of these
things are really up for grabs, right?
Like the power, for example, today
amidst the China boredom, you're seeing
the battery sector doing really well.
And China is a big exporter of this kind
of back battery technology. In in Korea,
you've seen the battery sector do really
well as well. So, no matter what your
politics around renewable energy is,
whether you're in the US or China or
Europe, renewable energy and the
batteries around that seem to be the the
consensus on what is going to power
these data centers. That seems to be the
next leg.
>> Winnie, what are you hearing on
bottlenecks? Same question.
>> Yeah, so I think based on our reporting
so far, I think the one that gets the
most vote is actually power because
these data centers require so much
power. But what we're hearing is that we
the grids the build-out of the grids is
just not
accelerating fast enough to meet that
demand. So, that's why we're seeing
investors positioning further into some
of these power names and these names in
Korea actually are some of the top
performers recently as well.
>> In terms of risks, I mean, what are
they, right? Because it seems like too
much of a good thing right now. What
what are people telling you?
>> So, I feel like there kind of is a
debate right now. Some are saying that
these IPOs actually mark a potential
the potential kind of wall or the
ceiling of this rally just because how
far things have run already. But some of
the other key risk is first
profitability of these demand are
actually going to be able to generate
profit. The obvious ones, but also the
macro risk is still there. We're talking
about the Strait of Hormuz being closed
for 3 months already and South Korea and
Japan relies so much on that helium
import from the Middle East as well. So,
these are some of the the the
bottlenecks when it comes to resources
are also something that we're closely
watching out for.
>> Anthony, final word. 10% up on SoftBank.
It's now bigger than than Toyota.
The one of you know, one by one these
OG's are going.
>> Yeah.
>> Yep.
>> What do you make of that?
>> It's the growth multiplier, right? What
is Toyota going to grow at that can
potentially catch SoftBank, right? So,
like like we talked about earlier,
people are getting paid to dream, right?
And there is no dream in the old names,
right? In Toyota, you don't you can you
don't have to pick on Toyota, you can
pick on any industrial name that is not
related to AI, right? You are actually
seeing industrial names do fine as long
as they are related to AI. So, for
example, Komatsu, which is involved in
like excavating these sites for data
centers, that's doing really well. So,
investors are chasing growth in an
environment that is looking to outpace
inflation, right? It's the inflation
narrative that is driving the seeking
for risk. Until that changes, you will
not see these Essentially, SoftBank is a
very large AI hedge fund, right? You
will not be able to be a normal company
that outpaces SoftBank.
>> There we go. Without the expense ratio
there. Anthony Stephens and Winnie Shaw
there. I mean, the fact that you have an
entire economy tied to AI that's growing
quicker than non-AI companies like
Toyota, and Taiwan is an example of that
just underscores where you get the
multiple from. Okay, just ahead,
speaking of uh healthcare is another
place, of course, that has delivered
some alpha in the past sort of
consolidated this year. Akeso, of
course, [music] I think we're up still
8%. The CFO joins us on the big weekend
that they just had. Lots more ahead.
This is [music] the China show.
>> Why Akeso is the most important one?
Because for the many years, so we
[music] got a lot of like the criticism
and also speculation regarding China
data. Why? Because previously, a lot of
the data was a pure like comparison
[music]
with like chemo or maybe placebo. But
for the very first time, Akeso is the
first and only one bold enough to do a
head-to-head comparison sketch Kitruta
is the [music] best seller in human
history. So, that's the idea why like
even if this is a China only data,
>> [music]
>> still like global physicians, global
investor, they care a lot about this
data.
>> It'll be interesting [music] to hear
their perspective on the questions we
just went through, which is, you know,
the subtle differences between the
global patients [music] and, you know,
what, you know, the commercial in
practice, you know, how they see that
they could um
let the physicians have, you know, let
let them
uh be open-minded [music]
to use this, you know, historically
quite dangerous treatment to squamous
patients cuz that would really um
affect the commercial success.
>> That was well two,
>> [music]
>> Tweety the Jefferies head of Asia
healthcare research who joined us on
Friday and Rebecca Leung out of
Bernstein who joined us about an hour
back on China's Akeso, which has
presented evidence to a major US
oncology summit over the weekend. It's
lung cancer treatment extended patients'
lives in a late-stage trial. And just
for numbers, in case you missed that, it
was went from 24 months extended by
four, statistically significant, to 28
months. Joining us now is the company's
CFO, Bing Wang, joining us exclusively
from Chicago.
Big weekend for you guys there.
How do you guys feel and maybe we can
talk about what's next here, but yes,
take us through what happened over the
weekend here.
>> Great. Thank you. First of all, thank
you David and Yvonne for having me. This
weekend has been awesome. Um
I think we, first of all, it's it's a
packed conference and we take a lot of
pride in that. I think we're the the
first Chinese company to to have a
a late-breaking abstract at the plenary
session. So, we take a lot of pride in
that. But most of all, I think the the
audience, at least I was there in
person, the audience in person was very
happy to see the results. Now, obviously
not only ours but many other results,
but every one of these results create
real benefit for patients patients'
lives. So, and we're obviously a big
part of that. So, the conference is
fantastic and and we're very very
I would say take a lot of pride and and
grateful to be part of this this
conference and and with our data.
>> Yeah, I mean, you're wearing the ASCO
the summit sort of hat. I think you need
a CASO hat soon,
Bing Wang. Um
but there's a caveat though. Some of the
sell-side said that this this trial was
conducted only in China.
How transferable do you think these
results are really to maybe more Western
populations? And are you seeking for
that US, you know, trial to happen?
>> Oh, we think the results is is very
trans- transferable. I think to you have
to put this trial in the context that
this is our fourth success, right? We
have Harmony A which again is approved
in China. This is for second-line
treatment for patients that that already
have a target therapy EGFR inhibitor.
We also have Harmony 2, which is
approved in China. This is a monotherapy
but first-line treatment. And also our
partner in Summit have really good data,
right? In in Harmony.
So, you know, definitely what we saw
from Harmony and Harmony A, there's a
lot of consistency in the efficacy and
safety profile between a China focus
trial and and a more broader global
study. So, I think if you take that into
context and the fact that, you know, we
we this is our fourth I would say
success and earlier we had PFS data,
progression-free survival data, and now
we have overall survival data.
And and this is again, like I said, the
fourth study that we showed success. I
think we have a lot of confidence that
this could benefit for patients
worldwide and not just in China.
>> Right. And how soon do you think your
partner, if I'm correct me if I'm wrong
in terms of the the settings here,
Summit could then file for the trial in
the US?
>> Well, again, these are data-driven
decisions, and and Summit have given
their personal lease on guidelines. So,
um I don't want to speak on their
behalf, but they're doing a fantastic
job recruiting, executing, uh enrolling
the study. And in their study, it both
includes a type of lung cancer called
Scream, which is our study, and also
non-Scream. So,
um they are doing a really good job and
and tracking on time. So,
um I think we have a lot of confidence
in their ability to deliver on the
timeline.
>> You mentioned about some of these other
ongoing trials. There is one ongoing
one, Harmony 3, yeah, uh which which is
a global trial right now being run. How
does this latest data then coincide or
align with that? And is there an
expected sort of readout timeline for
that, too?
>> Yeah, so as um
you know, there's a lot of similarity to
to the extent of the two study.
Obviously, ours is in China, and our
control uses a a leading PD-1 called
Tecentriq, which is atezolizumab.
Whereas um the Harmony 3 study uses
pembrolizumab. Uh they're both very very
good PD-1s and and standard of care uh
for for non-small cell lung cancer first
line. So, I think um the the consistency
is is there in in both in terms of
control that we use, very similar, as
well as in in the trial design, which is
very similar. Um and then so obviously,
we have the benefit of of starting our
studies earlier. We have the benefit of
the fact that we're recruiting in China,
which is a lot more patients, and uh so
the enrollment is is faster in general.
Uh we do a very good job. They do a very
good job, but we do it in in a much
bigger, you know, patient population,
larger hospitals. But other than that,
uh I think the the the transferability
of the readout is is fairly consistent,
and this data that we just presented
today actually gives us a lot of
confidence into Summit's ability to
deliver on their study as well in
Harmony 3.
>> A lot of that comes down to how you
convince the doctors at the front line
to deploy
your drug and not to ask you
specifically on competition. I'll just
mention you know, Keytruda for example.
Uh if all goes well, do you think this
displaces what's currently in the
market?
>> We think so. Um it might take some time,
um but we think so because of the
there's a clear evidence of of efficacy
while having very manageable safety
profile. So to give you an example,
um in China as I mentioned earlier,
right? We already have approval in 2024
for second-line treatment. We got
approval last year for first-line
treatment. And in China
over 70,000 patients in real-world
settings have already benefited from
this drug.
So this is not just a clinical study
that we're presenting, right? You have
to look at the holistically. This is the
third phase three study.
>> Right.
>> Uh
the the third one in China, but the
fourth one overall. Over 70,000 people
in China in real-world setting have used
this and have we have seen consistent
efficacy and safety profile across the
board. So
um you know, we feel very confident. Now
the competition
you know,
I think you know, when I was on the show
a few months ago, I mentioned that you
know, we have four phase three and the
rest of world combined had zero. That is
still true today.
So in terms of the competition, I think
they're obviously
um
you know, they they see our data. Um
they're
you know, obviously this is a class of
drug that's bi-specific that's very very
compelling. So I would say, you know,
imitation is the best form of flattery.
So the fact that they want to also
follow our footsteps and develop this is
fantastic. I think patients will benefit
worldwide. But at the end of the day,
our lead, especially in lung cancer, is
so significant that we believe that our
ownership of or our market share our
future market share lung cancer will be
very similar to that of pembrolizumab
and and nivolumab in in lung cancer in
the PD-1 space. So, we're very confident
that we will be the dominant player in
in this class of drugs.
>> What does this data tell you being well
about
really I have a nice amount commercial
potential. Where do you see the upside
and what is it?
>> Oh, well so you know you think about
non-small cell lung cancer, right? There
there's a
you know you have different lines of
treatment and you have depending on the
the patient's genetic profile. So, for
example in China first approval is a
second line treatment for patient that
have progressed after they got
a type of drug called EGFR inhibitors.
So, patients with driver mutations a lot
of time the doctor prescribe that.
>> [clears throat]
>> And since that was our first approval is
approved for second line and it showed
you know worked out very well.
Um
the second approval we got was actually
first line treatment but it was a
monotherapy which is important for a lot
of I would say you know older patients
um that probably don't want to use
chemo.
But a larger portion of population
overall in in both I would say China and
then globally are to use combination of
PD-1 with with chemotherapy. And that is
the the therapeutic combination PD-1 and
therapy that we just beat handedly uh in
the presentation today. So, I think the
the market potential of this will be
very very significant. You know, we
already have a I would say commanding
lead
uh and I think we just added to that
lead in a very meaningful way today.
>> Um
perhaps no better source
of helping us understand the risks than
yourself.
Um the direction of travel seems clear
as the case you've just laid out. Uh
what risks are you looking to manage
specifically in the process here?
>> Sure, very good question. I think you
know, obviously
these these studies, the reason we do
these studies is to demonstrate the
data, right? So, I think um Harmony's
I'll tell you we just did Harmony 6,
which showed very very good data. We're
very looking forward to um
our partner Summit's data as well, you
know, and like I said, until it reads
out, it it hasn't read out yet, but
again, we have a lot of confidence here.
And then, the other part is we are
investing significantly in our
manufacturing. So, right now we have the
capacity to make everything we need in
China. We have the capacity to make
everything that Summit will need in
their initial commercial launch. But, we
are also increasing our manufacturing in
China to go beyond that, right? I think
we'll have a lot more folks in China
that will use avapritinib, you know,
when when this particular indication the
the data, which is again
um avapritinib in combination with chemo
uh gets approved, um hopefully very
soon.
Um and also when Summit start to add
many additional indication, right? Cuz
keep in mind that we have phase three
trials, first line phase three trials
in a number of other cancers that are
very very significant in size, right?
Whether it's colorectal first line, uh
first line triple negative, first line
head and neck, first line biliary tract
cancer, first line uh pancreatic cancer.
So, as these start to get approved,
there'll be a lot of demand for our
drug, and so far we've seen that we are
the best drug out there. So, we want to
make sure that our investment into our
manufacturing capacity can meet with all
this new demand from both ourselves and
and also from our our partner Summit.
We're very confident we'll do that, but
again, this is one where we're putting a
lot of effort into make sure that all
the patients that need the drug can get
it.
>> Bing Wang, thank you so much for the
time and staying up for us, and of
course, enjoy your time in Chicago
there. That was the CFO at Akeso. Uh we
do have some breaking news. It's
crossing the terminal here right now.
This is according to Yonhap news, a
local media in Korea that's reporting
about explosion at the Hanwha Aerospace
in the country. We believe this is the
Daejeon facility where this occurred.
That's all we know at this point. We'll
bring you the details once we know more.
But yes, an explosion [music]
reported at the Hanwha Aerospace in
Korea. This is Bloomberg.
>> Right. Let's just have a look at US
futures as [music] we go into a fresh
trading week. And of course, the
tailwinds coming through are blowing
quite strongly still obviously [music]
from last week. We're feeling that in
the cash markets in the Asia Pacific.
It's worth pointing out that a lot of
markets are [music] shut today across
ASEAN in particular, but we are looking
at still the AI plays in the region
doing the heavy lifting. Really the
lifting you need. Nasdaq futures are up
half of 1%. We'll have more ahead.
[music] This is Bloomberg.
>> 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo.
>> Nikkei market is heading to that lunch
break in just a moment, but we continue
to see
you know, equity gains that continue to
edge further here. We're up about 1% in
the Nikkei 225. SoftBank certainly has
lifted a lot of things after their
announcement that they are going to be
building data centers in France. So I
think it's one of their biggest pushes
yet into Europe when it comes to that AI
build-out. So certainly that's one thing
that's moving Japan here this morning.
The topic is on the opposite end of
that, and we're We're pretty weak when
it comes to the dollar yen trade. 159
for the yen here right now.
>> Yeah, in fact that was enough to lift
SoftBank above Toyota. Intraday,
intraday. So, we'll see how we close of
course in terms of market caps. So,
surpassing
a real OG in the market in Japan which
has been of course there and I guess the
share price divergence today underscores
that point. We're up 1.4% on MSCI Asia
Pacific. We talked about US futures. The
dollar's actually stronger as we speak.
So, this this rally is taking place
against the backdrop of somewhat still
countercurrent as far as risk assets go
in the form of a stronger dollar today.
Flip the page please. In terms of sector
movers, IT is still the place to be.
Within that space, we're looking at 3.6%
first row leftmost side of your screens.
And you know, sometimes that's all you
need and often enough recently that's
all we needed as far as lifting this
Asian benchmark. Okay, let's talk about
what's happening in the latest here as
as far as Iran is concerned. So,
Washington and Tehran have traded
messages seeking
changes to a draft agreement that would
extend their ceasefire and reopening of
the Strait of Hormuz. In a post
on Truth Social, President Trump says
the proposed deal states Iran will not
have a nuclear weapon.
>> Meanwhile, Israel is expanding its
incursion into Lebanon targeting Iranian
ally Hezbollah and Israel is not party
to the talks between the US and Iran and
it's not clear whether it will agree to
stop its parallel war in Lebanon if the
Iran conflict is resolved. Now, of
course the Middle East situation was at
the center of the Shangri-La dialogue
that took place in Singapore this
weekend. We heard from several senior
defense officials from across the
region.
>> We really need to
I feel double down on the architecture
of the global rules-based order. It's
totally different to how we would have
imagined this 10 years ago. So, it it
it's reshaping our defense force but I
think it's reshaping defense forces
around the world.
>> Well, certainly we're anxious to see
that um peace and stability can uh be
brought forward as soon as possible. And
then from a New Zealand point of view,
we will think if there are contributions
that we can make to ensure freedom of
navigation uh and other aspects of a
more normal uh return to the rules-based
order uh will be possible.
>> Um this is not something new because we
faced that uh back in the 1987-88
after the Iran-Iraq war. I mean freedom
of navigation,
the Strait of Hormuz is free clear of
mine. It's something that I mean it's in
everybody's interest. I mean so, I mean
European nation, I mean the coalition of
the willing, which is the the way we
call them, it's ready to do
to to help whenever there will be the
condition in in in in being able to to
intervene. And that's something I'm
expecting.
>> Although we try to see that there should
be no gap
in the
defense
acquisition or what other countries have
in their arsenal.
Uh the this war teaches that
uh
we can adopt the asymmetrical warfare in
dealing with uh
uh countries
which have uh
uh
unequal strength uh or arsenal
in their in their defense.
So, Malaysia is also looking
at that
using the asymmetrical adopt adopting
the asymmetrical warfare approach.
>> And US Defense Secretary Pete Buttigieg
speaking was speaking at the Shangri-La
Dialogue in Singapore where he did
sought to convince US allies that
staying quiet on Taiwan is the best way
to protect American strength. Let's
bring in our China correspondent Min Low
on what can really we can glean from the
tone from Hex at speech.
>> Yeah, his tone was really quite
different from last year where he struck
more
I guess a hostile tone at a time where
he talked about how the China threat is
very imminent and real and the PLA was
rehearsing for quote the real deal. But
this time in a 30-minute speech he made
no mention of Taiwan, no mention of
South China Sea and really sort of
hitting hitting that warning from
President Xi, right? When he met with
Trump uh a few weeks ago in Beijing
saying that there would be clashes if
the Taiwan issue is not handled
properly. Uh and I think one major
caveat is that Pete Hexeth did say when
he speak to reporters that this by no
means signal that there is a change in
the Taiwan policy. But what has changed
he said is that the US should speak
softly while wielding a big stick. So I
think China will still be very vigilant
about whether there will be follow
through particularly on that $14 arms
sale to Taiwan that has been stalled so
far.
>> And how is it being covered in state
media?
>> So state media is certainly taking note
of the the tone and how it has softened
from previous years and in fact pointing
to how this is a win for China in a
sense saying that it is a recognition of
China's governance
wisdom
and at the same time also not missing an
opportunity to take a dig at Taiwan as
well saying that Hexeth speech
essentially has left the DPP party in
Taiwan visibly embarrassed. And it's a
reminder for those
pro-independence separatist forces that
they need to face the reality if they
are still thinking about continuing to
rely on the US.
>> Uh meanwhile it's interesting, right?
When when you talk about the China
defense minister not being able to
attend.
What message do you think China was
sending?
>> Yeah, I think this is interesting
interesting because it's the second time
in a row and we say three years would
would a pattern so certainly something
to watch for next year if if he would
skip this meeting again, but it seems
like China is perhaps trying to dismiss
the importance of the Shangri-La
Dialogue and trying to elevate their own
version of the Shangri-La Dialogue,
which is the Xiangshan Forum in Beijing,
right? And by being absent here, they
perhaps are putting more pressure on
other leaders to travel to Beijing to
attend the Xiangshan Forum if they want
to engage in a sort of diplomatic
military diplomacy with China. And we
know that China in the past has
expressed criticism of the Shangri-La
Dialogue for providing a platform to
Western leaders to smear China in a way.
So, of course, holding it in Beijing
would give them more control as well.
>> That's exactly something that our guest
on Friday to preview this actually said.
Wong Gong actually mentioned it. It's
uh there's a conference. I think early
May though is the the Xiangshan
conference there. Uh Minmin, thank you
so much. Fantastic. Minmin Lu, our China
correspondent there. Uh Germany's
defense chief, just staying in theme
here, has says that while Europe is
rushing uh to rearm, it needs time and
clarity from the US to do so. And we
spoke with Carsten Breuer at the
Shangri-La Dialogue, and he also told us
that China missed a big opportunity by
not sending senior military officials to
Singapore.
>> It's my fifth time I've seen um the
Chinese delegations um um um in a in a
with with on big numbers and and also on
small numbers. Um what um it's important
for for me is always that the dialogue
um is um keeping up that we we that we
are able to talk, that we are able to
communicate. Um the size of the Chinese
delegation is very small this time, and
it's also um very low ranked. Um so, I
think um China is missing an opportunity
here to talk um to talk um to with with
with within the region, um but also um
to other to other partners, um to other
militaries, to other politicians.
>> Let's talk about Europe. He was pretty
critical of Europe. He was praising the
Asian allies.
I guess the numbers don't really add up
because Europe has ramped up its defense
spending. What else do you think Europe
can do to kind of bridge the gap and
perhaps revise that relationship with
the US?
>> Well, hearing hearing the speech from
from Secretary Hagel yesterday, I was
probably leaning a little bit back only
only a little bit because what what he
offers as
as as limits as as
lines where we have where we have to go.
I must say we are fulfilling this in
with with the German military with the
German army. So, the defense spending in
Germany is at this stage. We are ramp we
are ramping up in enormously. When when
Secretary Hagel last year was here, he
was talking about
well, even Germany is doing this.
Well, we understood we understood the
message.
We understood what we what we have to do
and not not only Germany, it's also
other countries.
>> Are you concerned about capabilities
gap? We know that Europe has said that
it will be able to defend itself by the
end of the decade. I'm just wondering in
the meantime, where are the
vulnerabilities? Where are the
capabilities gaps? Some say nuclear
could be an area.
>> For me, it's it's important that we are
in a dialogue about this. So, when we
are talking about capabilities, we need
a road map. It's clear that the US is
seeing their main effort now here in
this in this region.
So, but but what we have to do is if
they're taking capabilities out, we have
to mitigate those capabilities. So, it
has to be clear. It has to be
transparent and there has to be a road
map in what time frame we have to do.
So, this is a kind of a little bit of a
of a European dilemma what we have what
we are facing. We have all understood
that we have to take care of our
security on our own that we have to take
over more responsibility, but we can't
build up the the needed capabilities
that fast like it is necessary. So, this
process has to be designed, has to be
steered on this priority. It's ISR which
is which is on on top of the of the
list.
It's capabilities in in the airspace.
It's capability in space.
It's of course air defense
what what is in there.
It's digitalization
where where we have to um
get much more ahead of of what we are
doing. So, multi-domain operations comes
comes comes to mind. It's deep precision
strike weapons or long-range fires.
So, this is the the the top priorities
if you if you will so. But, you know,
I'm a little bit reluctant to talk about
priorities because priorities
when when you set priorities you you
probably
don't look into what is necessary. So,
we we have an underspending in in
defense budget over years and years. So,
we have to fill the gap to build up a
baseline and then starting starting from
there.
>> And that was Germany's Chief of Defense,
Carsten Breuer, speaking with
at the Shangri-La Dialogue. Now, coming
up, HSBC stepping up its efforts to
revive its flagging Hong Kong investment
[music] bank as competition intensifies.
More details coming up next. This is
Bloomberg.
Now, here are some corporate stories
that we're tracking for you today.
Berkshire [music] Hathaway will acquire
Taylor Morrison Home Corp for $6.8
billion in an all-cash deal. It's a
conglomerate's [music] first major
purchase under Chief Executive Greg
Abel. And the offer of $72.50 per share
is at a 24% premium to the home
builder's Friday closing price. Taylor
Morrison [music] CEO Sheryl Palmer will
continue to lead the company.
Asia's largest low-cost carrier Indi-
Indigo has reported an up- unexpected
quarterly [music] loss amid costs and
operational disruptions linked to the
Middle East conflict. The net loss of
$267 million
>> [music]
>> compared with analyst expectations for a
profit of $197 million, Indigo booked a
foreign exchange loss of over half a
billion dollars [music] in the quarter
as the rupee sank more than 5%.
And China has appointed Ding [music]
Xuedong to lead its top financial
regulator. Ding is the first woman to be
appointed [music] as the head of the
National Financial Regulatory
Administration. She replaces Li Yuanchao
who was removed following reports
[music] of a corruption investigation.
Ding was previously in charge of the
People's Insurance Company [music] of
China.
>> Okay, let's talk about this other big
story we're tracking today. So, HSBC is
yes, yes, this. Redoubling efforts to
revive its Hong Kong investment bank,
ramping up hiring and deal making after
the sweeping overhaul of course that led
to some fairly senior and high-profile
departures. Let's bring in Manuel
Baigorri who leads our Asia-Pacific
deals coverage to really tell us what's
going on and what is HSBC trying to
achieve this time around.
>> Yes, David and Yvonne. I mean, HSBC has
been a pretty remarkable story. It has
kept us super busy the last few years
because
if you look back, it was a pretty
dormant stable shop for quite some time.
Yet, the last two three years being
anything but. I mean, they've been
firing a lot of people. They've been
reorganizing left and right. Just
remember last year when they were kind
of like reorganizing the whole uh
international investment banking part,
right? Like eliminating the US and
Europe. Just people trying to make sense
of it. Investment bankers at HSBC also
couldn't make a lot of sense out of that
move and also client. So, that I think
got people quite intrigued by what it
meant strategically. Now, if you ask me
they've been busy on their own deals. I
mean, just think about Hong Kong or Asia
more broadly. I mean, they did the
Hansen deal
um just a few months.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh that was pretty chunky. Uh they've
been streamlining their portfolio. They
just sold the Indonesian um retail part
of it to OCBC. That was interesting.
They're selling other bits and pieces.
So, they're busy on their own deals.
But, now when it comes to the franchise
I think people are still trying to
figure out, okay, where does HSBC stand
in the big arena for deal making, right?
Because if you are a client doing, say,
a cross-border deal, you may want a bank
who can support you internationally,
right? I mean, HSBC has pivoted a lot
into Asia. That's clear.
Uh but, then when you comes to
cross-border deals,
um they risk missing out on some of
those, right? Say, Hutchison is doing
something cross-border in the UK or is
doing a big IPO as, you know, it's been
reportedly uh considering for Watson,
for instance. So, uh I think what
remains to be seen is how HSBC will fit
in the international arena
uh when other banks have been building
out and keeping up
uh and HSBC has been retrenching, right?
So, that is still a little bit too early
to see the the full impact on that. But,
for now
in all transparency, we've seen them
you know, missing out on some of the
important deals, but they also pop in
some deals here and there both on the
M&A and the IPO front. That's right.
>> So, where are they trying to hire or
rehire? I mean, what are some of the
plans that they're looking at right now?
>> I I think if one they are being very,
very strategic, very very selective uh
for the time being.
They're being quite constrained.
So if you look across teams, they've
lost some real heavy hitters.
You know, across TNT industrials,
fig. I mean, you know, it's just really
across sectors. They've kept some of
them here and there
and they also have some very senior
people still running their franchise,
right? So it's not that it's completely
vanished. But obviously, you know, their
capacity is is smaller. So now the
question is how how can they adapt
to to to to that? Yes, they will be more
nimble, but at the same time they think
they've lost a little bit of their
international capacity.
>> Manuel, thank you. Manuel Balbory there
who leads our Asia Pacific deals
coverage
on this whole HSBC and really these
plans to
hire again amidst this restructuring. Of
course, you can get an insider's guide
to the money and people shaking up the
finance hub in our Hong Kong [music]
edition newsletter. That's out every
Thursday. You can sign up. Just scan
that QR code on your screen there
[music] or just go to our website
bloomberg.com/newsletters.
>> [music]
>> Right, welcome back. Just an update here
on the breaking news this hour out of
Hanwha or out of Yonhap news concerning
Hanwha Aerospace and this explosion that
was reported that we have now slightly
more information, but there's still a
lot that we don't know.
Including, we don't know
whether there have been any casualties.
I'll correct myself if I'm just getting
that one incorrectly at this point in
time. So fire authorities received about
30 emergency calls.
Let's call it about 5050
minutes back about a large explosion and
heavy smoke from the site in Daejeon
City. Uh firefighters are currently
conducting suppression operations at the
scene and we understand of course apart
from that
any other details stand out to you.
Uh
>> Um no, I mean that's really all that we
know at this point. So firefighters are
still there at the scene right now. Um
and you know, they're saying they
suspect a propellant related explosion.
>> Yeah.
>> And we'll investigate the cause after
this fire is extinguished. That's
according to that Yonhap report that
came out a few moments ago. So um you
are seeing what comes to the stock has
reversed some of the initial gains here
on the back of this news. Of course
still lacking some details, but we'll
bring you the latest once we do hear a
little bit more. Um meanwhile we have
actually spoken
>> [clears throat]
>> previously before this to Hanwha
Aerospace
uh and they have been accelerating
production at home and expanding its
manufacturing footprint in Europe and
the US. Speaking to us at the Shangri-La
Dialogue, their global chief strategy
officer told us that they're seeing
demand for weapons systems outstripping
supply.
>> I think it's important to note the
driver of this. I mean the recent
conflicts in recent years whether it's
in Ukraine or the current one in Iran
really shows the need uh in the
necessity for militaries around the
world to increase productive capacity
and stockpiles of munitions. That is a
lesson they've learned from from Ukraine
and Iran. And another driver of this is
then the increased defense spending that
we're seeing globally.
>> Who are the new customers you're
speaking with?
>> Well, uh Hanwha as you know is a Korean
company. We for a long time have been
the the top defense contractor in Korea
and we have a robust export business
around the world. But our model now,
what we're really pushing to do now is
to become multinational. To move
productive capacity not just with the
Korean Peninsula and not just do it in
Korea, but do it in Europe, do it in the
United States. So, I spend a lot of my
time in European capitals. I spend a lot
of my time on base in DC having
conversations with the US military,
having conversations with existing
customers like Poland
and Romania, and possible new customers
from from Germany to the UK about how we
can what what systems do they need? What
what type of defense systems? But also,
where can we place new productive
capacity, leverage workforce, create new
partnerships in these economies to have
that productive capacity.
>> The medium-range missile, you M-SAM, has
been in focus. Are you getting new
demand from any countries? Are you in
conversations for for deliveries?
>> And to be clear, our M-SAM and our
L-SAM, they're they're two different
missile defense systems that are
integrated, and they you know, these are
been employed on the Korean Peninsula
for some time. They're really our
high-end and advanced systems, and we do
have share that with customers in in
global markets.
It's high-performing. We have gotten
inquiries, but again,
>> Where from? Who from? And and how big an
order are we looking at?
>> I think the inquiries are really arising
from again, the conflicts that we've
been seeing, and what how important
missile defense is
to the defense and deterrence ability of
militaries worldwide. And as we
referenced earlier,
demand is outstripping supply.
>> Our conversation there, of course, with
Hanwha Aerospace. That was a global
chief strategy officer Alex Wong with of
course this Linda
at the Shangri-La dialogue. Very briefly
before we wrap up the show today, so
three names we're tracking very closely.
Akeso on the back of this
milestone that they hit, of course, with
the data that they presented over the
weekend at the American Oncology
conference. Shares are up 4.3. The CFO
who joined us this hour says he is
confident that the direction of travel
is clear that they will become the
dominant player in this space all things
considered.
>> Yeah, you know, when you talked about
that this was only a trial that was done
only in China and he said, look, he
thinks that what they've got is
transferable
>> Yeah.
>> to the US or even Western populations.
You know, they they are doing multiple
sorts of similar trials at the same
time. So, for them, you know, the gold
standard as some analysts have told us
is Keytruda. They're saying, you know,
it might take a while but they they they
they believe that they may be onto
something in trying to possibly
displace that that traditional sort of
therapy. So,
certainly
analysts are liking that, traders are
liking that as well. We're up some 4%.
Lenovo, of course, once again continues
to be a sort of
a parabolic sort of story, right?
Another 3% gains there. Goldman lifting
the price target. Really talking about
this whole AI aging growth potential and
MiniMax as well, right? So, news that
they are seeking a some sort of onshore
listing here and really as they take on
rivals like Deep Seek, but there you go.
The stock down some 9% [music] today in
Hong Kong.
>> Yeah, what you would expect anyway from
a listing. Anyway, that's it from our
shows here today. We've lots more come
through as well
on Bloomberg Television Insights. Of
course, we have Linda Omen is coming up
next. Lots more on the way. This is
Bloomberg.